feat(cli): add ado show trace space/store (#1063)
IBM/ado: website/docs/getting-started/ado.md

ado show trace operation randomwalk-0.5.0-123abc --hide metadata --hide timestamp
```

###### Show the aggregated trace for all operations in a discovery space

```shell
ado show trace discoveryspace my-space-123abc
```

> ###### Show the aggregated trace for all operations sharing a sample store

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### Show the aggregated trace for all discovery spaces sharing a sample store
```
